Xueyan, you are so well-connected.
Finding a clothing factory is not difficult, is it?
A little tricky.
Because our family has a clothing factory of our own.
If you find someone else to cooperate with
Is it inappropriate?
Yes, it's yours from the clothing factory.
Sort of.
Currently in my name you have a clothing store in town
You still have a clothing factory in Shencheng
Xu Ling loves you from me
How many assets are there?
I don't want to lie to you either.
Really, I don't know.
When my mother married my father
Out of the family
I didn't know until I grew up.
My grandfather has a little money
This clothing factory and that clothing store
It was all left to me by my grandfather
Now that's a little money.
Xuelian, you will be fined two more games
What is Versace?
I've been in the army all these years
I don't have time to take care of it either
So I left it to my uncle to take care of
But he's not an expert at it either
So
Yeah.
These are enough
There is no challenge, I, Jiang Lili, still don't take it